                                   STATE OF MICHIGAN
                                 BUREAU OF ELECTIONS
                                       LANSING



                                          Meeting
                                            of the
                                 Board of State Canvassers
                                      Angust 26, 2024


Called to order:    10:01 a.m.

Members present:    Mary Ellen Gurewitz - Chairperson
                    Richard Houskamp - Vice Chairperson
                    Jeannette Bradshaw
                    Anthony Daunt

Agenda item:        Consideration of the meeting minutes for the July 19, 2024 meeting.
                    Board action on agenda item: The Board approved the minutes of the
                    July 19, 2024 meeting as submitted. Moved by Bradshaw; suppo1ted by
                    Daunt. Ayes: Bradshaw, Daunt, Gurewitz, Houskamp. Nays: None.
                    Motion carried.

Agenda item:        Canvass and certification of the August 6, 2024 primary election.

                    Board action on agenda item: Based on an examination of the returns
                    received by the Secretary of State for the August 6, 2024 primary election,
                    the Board ce1tifies that the attached report is a true statement of the votes
                    cast at the primary for the offices certified by this Board. Further, the
                    Board certifies that the persons named in the following "List of
                    Nominees" are duly nominated for the offices indicated and are qualified
                    to appear as candidates for such offices on the November 5, 2024 general
                    election ballot. Moved by Daunt; supported by Bradshaw. Ayes:
                    Bradshaw, Daunt, Gurewitz, Houskamp. Nays: None. Motion carried.

                   Board action on agenda item: The Board authorizes the staff of the
                   Bureau of Elections to represent the Board in any recount of votes cast at
                   the August 6, 2024 primary election. Moved by Bradshaw; supp01ted by
                   Houskamp. Ayes: Bradshaw, Daunt, Gurewitz, Houskamp. Nays: None.
                   Motion carried.

Agenda item:       Report on review of qualifying petitions filed with the Secretary of State
                   for the November 5, 2024 general election.

                   Board action on agenda item: The Board moved to accept staff
                   recommendation and find the petitions filed with the Secretary of State by

                                    BUREAU OF ELECTIONS
     RICHARD H. AUSTIN BUILDING• 1ST FLOOR• 430 W, ALLEGAN• LANSING, MICHIGAN 48918
                             Michigan.gov/Elections • 517.335.3234
                      the candidates appearing on the attached list sufficient, with the
                      understanding that the list does not contain the name of the specified
                      candidate who has petition sufficiency issues pending before the Board.
                      Further, the candidates who filed a sufficient petition with the Secretary of
                      State as a candidate without party affiliation for the offices of President of
                      the United States and State Representative be certified to the Secretary of
                      State for the November 5, 2024 general election ballot. This certification
                      is to include any additional candidates the Board finds to have filed
                      sufficient petitions under today's hearing. Moved by Bradshaw; supported
                      by Houskamp. Ayes: Bradshaw, Daunt, Gurewitz, Houskamp. Nays:
                      None. Motion carried.

Agenda item:          Consideration of the sufficiency of the qualifying petitions submitted by
                      Shiva Ayyadurai for the office of United States President.

                      Board action on agenda item: The Board moved to accept the staff
                      recommendation and find the qualifying petition filed by Shiva Ayyadurai
                      sufficient. Moved by Daunt; supported by Bradshaw. Ayes: Bradshaw,
                      Daunt, Gurewitz, Houskamp. Nays: None. Motion carried.

Agenda item:          Consideration of the sufficiency of the qualifying petitions submitted by
                      Corne! West for the office of United States President.

                      Board action on agenda item: The Board moved to accept the staff
                      recommendation and find the qualifying petition filed by Corne! West
                      sufficient. Moved by Houskamp; supported by Daunt. Ayes: Bradshaw,
                      Daunt, Houskamp. Nays: Gurewitz. Motion carried.


Adjourned:            1:11 p.m.



IA«z ~A~~t~
Chair ~urewitz    ,




Member Bradshaw                                            Membe




Date
