Interactive District Map
Data List

This document lists the data included in the interactive district maps on the Oregon
Legislature website.
The Oregon Legislative Policy and Research Office GIS data is derived from a variety of
sources. The digital data and their documentation have been reviewed for accuracy and
completeness; however, the Oregon Legislative Policy and Research Office and its
representatives make no warranty or representation, either expressed or implied, with
respect to the digital data and their documentation, their quality, performance, accuracy,
completeness, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. Digital data are
distributed on an “as-is” basis, and the user assumes all risk as to their quality,
accuracy, the results obtained from their use, and the performance of the data.
Please direct specific questions about a dataset to the source of the data. Descriptions
of the datasets are based on the information provided by the data sources. For general
questions about the interactive district maps, please reach out to the Legislative Policy
and Research Office at 503-986-1813.


AVIATION FACILITIES
Data Source: U.S. DOT
Aviation Facilities Link
Description: The Aviation Facilities dataset is updated every 28 days from the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) and is part of the U.S. Department of Transportation
(USDOT)/Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS) National Transportation Atlas
Database (NTAD). The Aviation Facilities dataset is a geographic point database of all
official and operational aerodromes in the United States and U.S. Territories. Attribute
data is provided on the physical and operational characteristics of the aerodrome,
current usage including enplanements and aircraft operations, congestion levels, and
usage categories. This geospatial data is derived from the FAA's National Airspace
System Resource Aeronautical Data Product. For more information about these data,
please visit the FAA website.


CITY LIMITS
Data Source: Oregon Department of Transportation (ODOT) and Portland State
University (PSU) Population Research Center (PRC)
City Limits Link
Description: This layer combines two datasets:
   •   2025 Population Estimates - Portland State University's Population Research
       Center (PRC) creates population estimates as part of the Oregon Housing Needs
       Analysis. These estimates provide additional demographic detail needed for a
       variety of planning activities. Population Estimate Reports Link
   •   2025 City Limits - This data represents the State of Oregon city limit boundaries.
       Each city limit is defined as a continuous area within the statutory boundary of an
       incorporated city, which is the smallest subdivision of an annexed area. This data
       is maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation and was pulled
       from Oregon's GeoHub City Limits dataset on 2/3/2026.


CONGRESSIONAL AND LEGISLATIVE DISTRICTS

Congressional Districts
Data Source: Legislative Policy and Research Office (LPRO)
Congressional Districts Link
Description: This layer contains congressional and legislative districts based on the
redistricting plans adopted on September 27, 2021. This layer also contains contact
information for the current legislators representing each district.

House Districts
Data Source: Legislative Policy and Research Office (LPRO)
House Districts Link
Description: This layer contains congressional and legislative districts based on the
redistricting plans adopted on September 27, 2021. This layer also contains contact
information for the current legislators representing each district.

Senate Districts
Data Source: Legislative Policy and Research Office (LPRO)
Senate Districts Link
Description: This layer contains congressional and legislative districts based on the
redistricting plans adopted on September 27, 2021. This layer also contains contact
information for the current legislators representing each district.


COUNTY BOUNDARIES
Data Source: Esri (pulling from the U.S. Census Bureau) and Portland State University
(PSU) Population Research Center (PRC)
County Boundaries Link
Description: This layer combines two datasets:
   •   2025 Population Estimates - Portland State University's Population Research
       Center (PRC) creates population estimates as part of the Oregon Housing Needs


          LEGISLATIVE POLICY AND RESEARCH OFFICE                                 Page |2
       Analysis. These estimates provide additional demographic detail needed for a
       variety of planning activities. Population Estimate Reports Link
   •   2020 U.S. Census Counties - This layer presents the USA 2020 Census County
       boundaries. It is updated annually as County (or County Equivalent) boundaries
       change. The geography is sourced from US Census Bureau 2020 TIGER FGDB
       (National Sub-State) and edited using TIGER Hydrology to add a detailed
       coastline for cartographic purposes. Geography last updated May 2022. Census
       Counties Link


ENTERPRISE ZONES
Data Source: Business Oregon - Business Development Division
Enterprise Zones Link
Description: Oregon's enterprise zones offer a unique resource to Oregon communities
and an excellent opportunity for businesses growing or relocating in Oregon. Primarily,
enterprise zones exempt businesses from local property taxes on new investments.
Sponsored by municipal or tribal governments, an enterprise zone typically serves as a
focal point for local development efforts. There are currently 76 enterprise zones
creating better opportunities for business investment across Oregon: 58 rural and 18
urban.


FEDERAL LANDS
Data Source: Esri
Federal Lands Link
Description: In the United States, the federal government manages lands in significant
parts of the country. These lands include 193 million acres managed by the US Forest
Service in the nation's 154 National Forests and 20 National Grasslands, Bureau of
Land Management lands that cover 247 million acres in Alaska and the Western United
States, 150 million acres managed for wildlife conservation by the US Fish and Wildlife
Service, 84 million acres of National Parks and other lands managed by the National
Park Service, and over 30 million acres managed by the Department of Defense. The
Bureau of Reclamation manages a much smaller land base than the other agencies
included in this layer but plays a critical role in managing the country's water resources.
The agencies included in this layer are:
   •   Bureau of Land Management
   •   Bureau of Reclamation
   •   Department of Defense
   •   National Park Service
   •   US Fish and Wildlife Service
   •   US Forest Service



          LEGISLATIVE POLICY AND RESEARCH OFFICE                                   Page |3
FIRE PROTECTION DISTRICTS

Forest Protection Districts
Data Source: Oregon Department of Forestry
Forest Protection Districts Link
Description: The State Forester, by rule, designates areas of forestland within Oregon
as forest protection districts within which the forester is required to provide protection
pursuant to ORS 477.

Structural Fire Districts
Data Source: Office of State Fire Marshal
Structural Fire Districts Link
Description: Structural fire districts include city/municipal, tribal, and rural fire protection
district boundaries within Oregon. Municipal fire departments operate under home rule
charter, and rural fire protection districts operate under ORS 478.

Rangeland Protection Associations
Data Source: Oregon Department of Forestry
Rangeland Protection Associations Link
Description: A rangeland protection association is an entity that has the purpose of
protecting rangeland from fire and is:
   a. Organized by owners of rangeland that is located within a rangeland protection
      system established under ORS 477.320 and lies wholly outside any forest
      protection district; or
   b. Organized with the approval of a county governing body to be a cost-neutral part
      of the emergency management program in a county having 200,000 or more
      acres of rangeland that are outside any forest protection district and are not
      protected by an association formed under paragraph (a) of this subsection.


FIRE STATIONS
Data Source: Office of State Fire Marshal
Fire Stations Link
Description: Any location where firefighters are stationed or based, or where
equipment that such personnel use in carrying out their jobs is stored for ready use. Fire
departments not having a permanent location are included, in which case their location
has been depicted at the city/town hall or at the center of their service area if a city/town
hall does not exist. This dataset includes those locations primarily engaged in forest or
grasslands firefighting, including fire lookout towers if the towers are in current use for


           LEGISLATIVE POLICY AND RESEARCH OFFICE                                     Page |4
fire protection purposes. This dataset includes both private and governmental entities.
Firefighting training academies are also included.


STATE PARKS AND FORESTS

State Parks
Data Source: Oregon Parks and Recreation Department (OPRD)
State Parks Link
Description: Oregon State Park Boundaries. Oregon Parks and Recreation Department
makes no warranty as to the accuracy of this data. Questions regarding the legal
ownership and boundaries of real property should be directed to individual counties and
to the OPRD Property Management Division This product is for informational purposes
and may not have been prepared for, or be suitable for legal, engineering, or surveying
purposes. Users of this information should review or consult the primary data and
information sources to ascertain the usability of the information.

State Forest Lands
Data Source: Oregon Department of Forestry (ODF)
State Forest Lands Link
Description: Board of Forestry lands and Common School Fund lands managed by the
State Forests Division of the Oregon Department of Forestry (ODF). ODF manages
approximately 763,000 acres of forestlands across Oregon. These state forestlands are
actively managed under forest management plans to provide economic, environmental,
and social benefits to Oregonians. Timber sales from these forests produce jobs and
revenue that funds counties, local districts, and schools throughout the state. These
forests also offer recreation and educational opportunities and provide essential wildlife
habitat and clean water.


URBAN GROWTH BOUNDARIES
Data Source: Oregon Department of Land Conservation and Development (DLCD)
Urban Growth Boundaries Link
Description: Oregon land use laws limit development outside of urban growth
boundaries. The line work was created by various sources including the Oregon
Department of Land Conservation and Development (DLCD), the Oregon Department of
Transportation (ODOT), Metro Regional Council of Governments (Metro), county and
city GIS departments, and the Oregon Department of Administrative Services -
Geospatial Enterprise Office (DAS-GEO). Urban growth boundaries (UGBs) are lines
drawn on planning and zoning maps to show where a city expects to experience growth
for the next 20 years. UGBs were established under Oregon Statewide Planning Goals
in 1973 by the Oregon Legislature (Senate Bill 100).


          LEGISLATIVE POLICY AND RESEARCH OFFICE                                 Page |5
